SOAP -simple object access protocol--standard lightweight communication protocol for XML based message exchange, it can use HTTp,SMTP,FTP for transfering data
XML - eXtensible Markup Language
XSD - XML Schema Definition   .xsd document describes the struture of XML document or WSDL document.the purpose of xsd doc is to define legal building blocks of an XML document.
	  may be contains the data types to send in request and the ones which we get in responce.
WSDl -  Web Services Description language. it is XML file that describes the technical details of how to implement a web service  i.e. URI,port,method names,arguments, data types.
UDDI - Universal Description, Discovery and Integration. It is XML based framework for describing,discovering and integrating web services.UDDI is a directory of web service 
       interfaces described by WSDL containing information about web services.
SEI - Service Endpoint Interface. It is at client end.It is a class tht defines the methods to be exposed as a web service.It converts web service methods to SOAP message.
SIB - Service Implementation Bean/ Class /Server class. It handles the actual SOAP requests.It is at server end.It implements the SEI.It can either be POJO or stateless session EJB.
		the names of these classes are based on the names of the nucleus method being exposed. e.g. ig nucleus method is GetOrderStatus then SEI name is GetOrderStatusSEI
		and the implementation class name is GetOrderStatusSEIIMPL.
		
Below 3 APIs are used to develp SOAP web services
1. JAX-WS API (Java API for XML Web services)
2. JAX-RPC API(for Remote procedure calls)
3. JAX-M API (for XML Messaging)
all these API are given by SUN to implement web services.these are just specifications.these API contain just interfaces of Abstract classes meaning only definitions and not 
implementations.
Their implementations are given by many third party vendors.

1. JAX-WS API vendors list as follows :
	1. JAX-WS reference implementation by Sun
	2. Metro implementation
	3. AXIS 2 implementation  4. ApacheCXF implementation   5. Weblogic implementation  6. Websphere implementation    7. JBOSS implementation   8. GlassFish Implementation
	
2. JAX-RPC API vendors list as follows :
	1. JAX-RPC Sun implementation   2. AXIS 1 implementation   3. Weblogic implementation   4. Websphere implementation   5. JBOSS implementation
	
3. JAX-M API 

Proxy based client : if web service client is generating stubs(or proxies) at the client side and client uses it to invoke the WS then it is called proxy based client.
DII client : Dynamic Invocation Interface . Here client never created stubs, instead API provider gives stubs to call WS.
